I’m tied down by unreachable expectations,
you call me a faker 'cause I’m that much realer.
“Relearn from me!”, you say, but I go my own way.
So don’t drag me into this broken brand-new age.
When the ship goes down, don’t expect me to drown.
I’ll find my own way to make my great escape!
Don’t paint me the villain, 'cause you’re not winnin’.
I’m not gonna lie down and take it,
but you’re gonna wanna save this:
All those shining lights on you, it’s not easy to do.
Life under constant supervision,
they say it’s all wrong!
But I’m not gonna fake it,
yeah, now I’m gonna make it.
Throw all that doubt away and make a new sound!
Shout like there’s no tomorrow!
Don’t let your feelings go!
Listen to the sound
that only you can make!
Love all that is yours,
the good, bad, and the ugly!
Don’t fear the unknown,
just run straight into it!
There’s just no need to fight it,
or need to stay divided.
Listen to that burning fire
deep inside your heart!
Run for that shiny future,
don’t give up like a loser!
Hold tight what you think is right and
chase that dream some more!
Shout like there’s no tomorrow!
Don’t let your feelings go!
Listen to the sound
that only you can make!
Love all that is yours,
the good, bad, and the ugly!
Don’t fear the unknown,
just run straight into it!
There’s just no need to fight it,
or need to stay divided.
Listen to that burning fire
deep inside your heart!
Run for that shiny future,
don’t give up like a loser!